hello shall we make a mix of spices to
put in slowly makes apple crisp I
process of them in last let's see what
we've got here let's get it to a bottle
you'll take an empty container doesn't
have fish oil in it silly okay and into
this container let us put some things to
mix together okay what have we got here
where's our cinnamon oh wait is it down
here let's see what I've got down here
this is cinnamon maybe that's red pepper
snack about cinnamon but this is ginger
okay so now we need to funnel it into
there let me if it's a paper please here
okay and what else we going to use let's
use old spice and here's our cinnamon
and our nutmeg thank you here we have
turned them over for me there you go
that's the bacon over there okay so what
we do oh look that's I said meadow soap
labels okay
so you make a little funnel butcher ok
and then lets just hear us our cinema
and let's put in our ginger so nutmeg
and what about here allspice see the
allspice is really good on meat on
hamburger Oh too much and more cinnamon
can always use a lot of cinnamon I don't
know where the cloves are it's gonna
close ok ginger ginger ok now we really
need to fill it up with cinnamon what
have we got up here allspice hot and
spicy that won't work
through oh excuse me oh thank you I know
somebody said bless you out there how do
we got here save some time and onion
salt sup well don't know but it's not
cinnamon cinnamon
okay where's our other stuff I always
have a lot of cinnamon see when I start
getting low i'd buy more that's not
cinnamon that's nice nice is good maybe
it's coriander and cardamom smells
pretty good anything where else we got
here time pepper what is this kayak you
don't want kayak hey we got a break here
basil like human these are nice mixes
swarm a beef warmer chicken beef
oregano paprika this is um sumac garlic
is that all of my um some of my cinema
let me just check over here gara masala
ah look we have cloves clubs are good
back here okay that's it I think this
needs to be stirred up again how to burn
the bacon and ten minute through life
okay we got clothes here now now cloves
are really strong so you don't want to
add too much of it okay so here we have
bunch of stuff so let us just take it up
course i had more cinnamon I should have
myself do and where it is what yeah okay
yeah that smells like pumpkin pie it'll
be really good for on on apple crisp
okay I gotta go back to making my apple
crisp now that's how you make a spice
stuff you can measure it perfectly if
you wish once you spend everything but
about a quarter teaspoon of cloves men
that about to gville teaspoons of
cinnamon cinnamon you use a lot more
than everything else okay